12/18-19/21- I was driven far uptown by my mom, where I go into a small restaurant that despite having a Mexican owner, sells Americanized food like pizza. I order the pepperoni pizza and sit down with some of my friends, namely two of my old classmates Joe and Jocelyn. Meanwhile one of the restaurant owner’s assistants tuns down a hall which leads to a much larger area than the building I entered suggests.

1/6/2022 - I wanted to get Dairy Queen, but my mom was somehow there right behind the car judging me from her couch, so for some reason I went to my dorm room on bicycle. When I got there my mom was somehow there too, she handed me my phone (my old phone, with the blue and yellow case), then started saying bad things about me, my journal, etc. I’m apparemtly childish, my journal is stupid and only serves as a way for me to badmouth her, I need to grow up, etc. I run into the room with my phone and find some old papers like some old stories and whatnot. When I woke up my teeth were gritted for some reason? Probably irrelevant but still

3/29/22 - I was transported to this dystopian future world where the economy was fucked. After meeting up with a (black female) doctor we traverse the city, which is dark and cloudy. It’s basically Black City from BW2. The future is grim unless you’re part of the one percent. I get treated for EOE by my body being rebuilt. (Well it doesn’t call it out, but the doctor says my body is “not working right.”) Then we drop off the doctor at this small hut and this other person takes us to an apartment building for everyone to sleep. I find out the doctor was faking it, so we hide in the apartments. I run all the way to the top floor, making it there (up ten flights, running through floors similar to Fwamay’s condo, two of which have beautiful white dogs, the latter of which looked malnourished like his owner has been gone for a long time) before anyone else

5/23/2022 - Being psychoanalyzed by an old lady mute psychic, in an old timey house with my maternal grandma, toward the end of the session my legs were feeling hot and (TW dismemberment) ||I could detach and reattach one of my feet||, then it ended, the old lady and my grandma faded away, and I woke up, and my legs felt numb

11/26/2022 - Not a dream, but why do I consistently have visions of my own death? Recently I've had multiple of getting shot, and now I think I know the date is in 2028. Scary

12/12/2023 - I was Estariel I think, and I had a partner named Milla of the same species, and we were climbing a tower with various challenges on every floor - the floor is lava-style, a maze trying to find the right door to the elevator, and so on. Three floors before the final one in the dream, I met a third person, a male white wolf I never got the name of. The tower went all the way into space, and the final elevator I went through also went through this jelly to protect us from the effects. I woke up moments after this.

Sometime in June 2024 - At work, Hatena got a seemingly neverending pick up order. (Why was I thinking about the people who basically order catering through Door Dash? I dunno.)

7/13-14/2024 - Starry dreamed about the morning of the 14th, except it was raining and chilly. Likely dreamed this because 7/13-15 had evil weather.

7/16/2024 - Solin (I think) was walking around outside. My car - the old Honda Accord - was sitting on a jack, with the frame chipped, my stepdad said I should put it on the marketplace for about 3000$. Then, I walked into my room, which was rearranged, with a desktop computer connected to my TV that was undergoing setup. I was checking it out, apparently reacting as if it was new and exciting to be getting. I distinctly remember seeing a notification about refragmenting the drive, because as soon as that completed, the computer started to speak. Who was speaking, I could not identify for sure before waking up - they appeared to have a black bow, but teal hair and fox ears. so was definitely none of my computergirl hyperfixations, perhaps a mix of them. They pointed out my tail, a greenish glowing thing which they could see on my webcam (why, if this was my old desktop, would that have been the case, also Solin doesn't have a tail), and immediately upon looking at it, I woke up. Despite purportedly being set in the past, my sister had her job at Crumbl Cookie (which she only got like a month ago), and my stepdad mentioned something about him being 40, which was not the case when I was bodily Solin's headspace age (which is what I assume was going on).

7/28/2024 - Yankee and the family visited this massive cruise ship with tons of food and games, functionally a mobile hotel. Think Penacony. After dinner I got into a fight with Jeremy, which he grabbed me and said we were in Texas's waters so he could shoot me. After a short standoff he did, grazing my leg. I had to visit the medical facilities, where they just patched up my leg and sent me off. Upon entering the room, I saw a bunch of beds, as well as a cubby for our clothes and stuff. In the cubby was a tray with a bunch of casino chips and coins. All the coins were money backed by some vampire government; the dream cut away to some scientist investigating radio messages from the ship. After trying out the games (which I forget), we retire to our bedrooms and Jeremy says we can read some comics courtesy of his work, if we have a penny. i remember I had just lost a penny and look for it, but all I can find is the foreign coins and some gold $1 coins, which Jeremy tells me won't work. Eventually I go to bed, and the credits roll, I'm now watching a movie that was playing the above contents. Someone comments on how "this is the state of the industry", and I wake up.

8/5ish/2024 - I remember a brief snippet of the dream very well. I (Aster) was scrolling Tumblr, and I saw a blog ran by Corte, where people from the old friend group I once shared with Corte were selling ripoff designs of mine and making fun of my art. Toto's so-called mistake remake Malice was the mascot. I remember this so vividly that I thought it really happened, until I checked my blocklist today (8/8/2024) and found nobody fitting the description from the last month of blocking.

9/21/2024 - I (Youmu) was walking through a futuristic city, I met a brown haired catgirl robot. We meowed at each other a bunch, hung out at a mall, and then I woke up. Don't remember much detail, unfortunately.

10/8/2024 - I (Aster) was in school, in my medical anthropology class, and I was learning about this city in another country (I forget which one, I think it was Malaysia or something). I looked it up and it looked very small and was right next to another one. I zoom out more and more, and more tiny towns appear until the whole province is covered in some thousands of these things. I later learn that the province's planning was done by AI, to which I go "yeah that makes sense." 

10/10/2024 - I was in an episode of Hell's Kitchen or the like, I watched someone get eliminated, then I grabbed a soda and walked out of the hall, the place suddenly turned into Dave & Buster's and I said bye to the person (an old balding man wearing glasses and kinda out of it) at the front desk, the exit was a small slide type thing much akin to a bounce house. After leaving I remember that I had forgotten to get a replacement card (it was in my old wallet, which I've since lost in the real world), and considered going back in, but decided it wasn't worth the effort and walked off to my car. I do not remember reaching my car, though, and I'm pretty sure the dream ended at that.

1/4/2025 - Jeremy, Mailey, and I (Starry) were driving from Denver to Omaha. Jeremy's truck broke down in North Platte and for some reason we ended up taking the river back. Somewhere around Lincoln I had my work headset and it was picking up orders from Runza. I wasn't at work, obviously. But I decided to fuck with them and pretend to take the order. We endednup climbing out of the Platte at some point. We were stopped by someone. That's the last I remember.

9/15/2025 - I (Youmu) remember checking my bank account and getting my paycheck, but it was only $100. This had me distraught, because I had to pay bills that day. When I woke up, I was unsure what day it was, because my bills are supposed to be due on the 19th (phone) and 20th (car).

11/8/2025 - I (Takara) must've had a wet dream, but am unsure what it was about.

11/23/2025 - I (Youmu) was trying to talk with meine Oma; I couldn't speak very well at all, and when I did, it sounded more like croaking. When I woke up, my mouth was very dry.